alright welcome back guys this is let's
play Gears of War part 26 in I am the
same command and I am going crazy right
now let's some snipers yeah there was a
horrendous day at work today at work
today it was horrendous the super busy
stupid people that are supposed to come
in
look you're hitting full puck right
there on the pillar right there they
just love cogs in this game so much this
is going to be another short episode
guys I'm in on the train pretty soon I
hope hopefully I don't fail
where are they coming from where are
they where are they I just felt
now hi I'm Joanna loss for words they
they it was a horrendous day just so
player it's put that I'm soaked up that
include tired I'm so mellow right now
yeah
oh this guy's rush me hey don't you
don't wanna hurt ya hey Oh feel to me
die oh I thought that was locust there
it was cold
sorry cool I think but I'm getting close
to Ram guys and I happen to say well I'm
going to do after gears here so I
figured I might just ask your guys's
opinions I I've narrowed it down to
about three or four games
hi I'm I want your opinions you know
I've been debating I might be doing call
of duty 4 years for to continue on with
my platform let's go why not
leave them behind
damnit we suck will catch your eye ton
Raven sorry guys it's okay arunya what
are we looking at okay
the Train there are plenty of locust on
board you gotta get going now let's move
all right
I figured I'd be doing call of duty for
in some particular or holiday for Halo 3
called e4 I know I said one of them
earlier looking for Hill 3
I mean think so
oi get away from me
Super Smash Brothers Brawl the healthy I
was doing earlier or maybe even trying
my hand at pledges of the Wind Waker if
people would watch so high I'm gonna
give you those four choice you know
leave a boat on the comments
you know I mean I know legends all has
been done way too much I've never
actually beat it meet in the game but I
want to do it but I'm debating I figured
making them fearsome or two after this
but I
I'd like all four games so and I'm
getting to ram kill I want to start the
new LP next week sometime
unless frantic hey stop shooting me mean
person this will probably be a short
video I believe there's a berserker on
this thing I just got shot I thought but
I didn't die that's a good thing
otherwise you know you guys are I I went
on yesterday twice subscribers at twenty
still but I I'm not overtly funny guy
and I'm putting stupidly at the work bow
wielding there on guard and that guy is
just
shooting my ass pretty good and I'm
taking it like a trooper
oh sorry
only islands for you guys don't know who
they are their videos don't ask anyway
craziness I'm playing this way run this
way run run markets one let's get rid of
this thing I think I have to take it
back err err do I take it it's running
right now I
that's fine
I know responses it's running at me I
got run run run Marcus I'm pressing the
B button just wasn't ready
I'm having troubles today guys it was a
horrible day of work and you know a few
other things but you know Oh cutscene
that Miss Smith the must mean I am
getting to a checkpoint as Reapers
alright let's get to this door I think
if I hit a checkpoint which I did thanks
guys for watching rate 5 stars and
subscribe I am going to say